chief woodlot chief Whitlock its
anne-marie Harrison somebody just broke
into my house why'd you tell me what
happened he came toward me I guess a
respected cop 285 grand that didn't know
you can't
maybe I'll just steal it maybe I'll just
shoot you a moment of truth there's been
a setback
let's come back very aggressively I'm
you tell anything about that
experimental stuff they're extremely
expensive a time to discover
what is it money no maybe at miles
that nothing is what it seems
sheriff and Harrison's house just went
up in flames definitely arson what are
you doing here homicide detective
there's dead body
look what they got on me and eyewitness
saw me outside their house tonight it
blew up he looked like him he's the
chief of police how do you solve a
murder I gave it in money the DEA is on
line one I'm gonna send a couple of
agents down and pick up that cash when
all the evidence Emery names me
beneficiary or insurance policy points
to you Alma Hey by myself
they set me up
you got something you want to tell me
and the prince ASAP GG okay just do it
think I'm done big up there but I'm not
right
where the hell is the money
out of time
you